Vivek A. Raj, CIS196 HW

Final Project:
Heroku site: http://evening-basin-8647.herokuapp.com/ 
This app gives an easy way for employees who work in the HR department for companies to keep track of potential job seekers. 
My app allows employees to easily register for the website and add/edit/delete potential jobseekers. 
Gem: Devise in order to allow employees to register employees and sign in. (https://github.com/plataformatec/devise)
Heroku Addon: Sendgrid to send jobseekers an email when they have been added to the site.
Javascript function: On the jobseekers page, javascript code allows user to click a button in order to indicate he/she is satisfied with the website experience
CSS: Used CSS to center all the text and add a background color to each page.
Validations: All names are unique, all names are 3 to 40 characters long, and the names "Vivek Raj" and "Barack Obama" are reserved
Scope: Added a query in the jobseekers controller to order all jobseekers by category in "index". I also added a query in the jobseekers controller to limit the number of jobseekers displayed to 5 in "index". I also added a query in the jobseekers controller to only display jobseekers in the Computer Software category in "CSindex". I finally added a query in the employees controller to display employees in order by name in "index".
Database Structure/Resources: 2 resources: employees and jobseekers. Jobseekers belong to employees. You can create, edit, or delete either of them.
Errors: The main issues I had were small typo errors. I had no major issues because the instructions have been very straight-forward. 
Thank you for a great semester!



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



HW10:
Heroku: http://evening-basin-8647.herokuapp.com/
Issue: No major issues
What I did: Added a button on the jobseekers page for users to indicate satisfaction toward the page by clicking on a button. I plan on adding functionality to keep track of this information. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

HW9:
Heroku: http://evening-basin-8647.herokuapp.com/
Issue: No major issues
What I did: Added a query in the jobseekers controller to order all jobseekers by category in "index". I also added a query in the jobseekers controller to limit the number of jobseekers displayed to 5 in "index". I also added a query in the jobseekers controller to only display jobseekers in the Computer Software category in "CSindex". I finally added a query in the employees controller to display employees in order by name in "index".


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


HW8:
Heroku: http://evening-basin-8647.herokuapp.com/
Issue: My project is working on the local server but not the Heroku server. This was due to a small typo.
What I did: When a jobseeker is created by the user, the jobseeker receives an email that he's been added to the site.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

HW7:
Heroku: http://evening-basin-8647.herokuapp.com/
Issues: When I initially added validations, I got 2 error messages for the same problem. I then realized that Devise automatically has validations for which it would be unnecessary for me to override.
What I did: I added validations that ensured that all names are unique (so that middle initials can be added if name is already taken), that all names are between 3 to 40 characters long, and such that names "Vivek Raj" and "Barack Obama" are reserved.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

HW6:
Heroku: http://evening-basin-8647.herokuapp.com/

Issues: No major issues

What I did: Used devise to allow employees to sign in

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

HW5:
Heroku: http://evening-basin-8647.herokuapp.com/

Issues: No major issues except I had to google to figure out how to get delete to work in heroku. Also minor syntax errors such as forgetting "<"s.

What I did: added edit, show, and delete functionality to my tables. Made it so that you can access each of these links on the index page of these tables.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

HW4:

Heroku: http://evening-basin-8647.herokuapp.com/

Issues: No major issues except typos. Had issues with the fact that sometimes I needed to pluralize to refer to the controller and other times I needed to singularize to refer to the model. Otherwise, very smooth.

What I did: I create 2 tables, employeers (4 columns: name (string), job category (string), company (string), and email (string)) and jobseekers (3 columns: name (string), job category (string), and email (string)). I made it so that employers and jobseekers had a one-to-one relationship for the purposes of this site.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

